FORMAL INTRODUCTION:
	
	I was born in Kolkata and immediately moved to Gizan, Saudi Arabia, where my father works in the Ministry of Health as a General Surgeon. I moved back to India during middle school and have been shuttling between the KSA and India ever since. I am by ancestry, a Gujarati but live in Hyderabad, which is where my family is based since the last 3 generations. I completed my under graduate education from Osmania University, Hyderabad, where I majored in Mechanical Engineering in 2017. I have participated in SAEINDIA BAJA in 2015, 2016 and 2017, working in the powertrain department for all the three years. I have also taken part in the National Motocross Championship, where I was part of the transmission team as well and we were Champions in 2015! 
	I was amongst the handful of people to get selected for the Research & Development Centre of Mahindra & Mahindra in my 3rd year of under-grad itself! In my tenure of 2 years over there, I worked as a Calibration Engineer for exhaust after treatment systems for diesel engines in the passenger and Light Commercial Vehicle segment. My team proposed, evaluated and selected the appropriate NOx Storage Catalysts for specific engine platforms based on steady state performance, vehicle test cycles and light-off characteristics. I have developed calibration understanding and optimization of Lean and Rich engine operation, utilizing Hardware-in-loop, engine dyno, chassis dyno and on-road testing.
	I am pursuing Vehicle Autonomy and Hybrid Powertrains as my areas of interest in CU-ICAR. To that extent I have taken up courses lik High Performance Computing, Systems Integration, Automotive Electronics, Autonomy Science & Systems, Motion Planning and Automotive Stability. These subjects have strengthened my knowledge in MATLAB, Simulink, Python and  C++. I also have proficiency in SolidWorks, TASS Prescan, UG NX and data analysis tools like UniPlot. I am currently learning about ROS and CoppeliaSim (V-REP)

CONTENTS OF THIS REPOSITORY:

	This repository will contain code files and their explanations which will be done during the course of this class. The repo will have all the files concerning the ROS files, i.e. the build environment, source files and theh likes.
